I understand the situation.
I'll explain it to the rest of the guild.
That aside, we'd like to request a temporary leave from the guild.
And for what reason?
I feel uneasy about the current Knights of the Blood.
Very well.
However,
I'm sure you'll return to the battlefield before long.
What a great view!
Don't lean out too far or you'll fall off.
We found a nice house.
It cost us all of our savings though.
But here, we can live in peace.
Kirito-kun,
what's wrong?
Say, Asuna...
do you think our relationship is limited to this world?
Don't make me angry, Kirito-kun.
Even if this is just a virtual world,
my feelings are real.
If I've learned anything here,
it's to never give up and persevere until the very end.
If we manage to return to the real world,
I'll surely find you once more
and fall in love all over again.
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
Even though he's usually bold,
he looks surprisingly naïve now—
maybe even childish.
He can't be younger than me, right?
Kirito-kun...
I love you.
Let's stay together forever.
Morning, Kirito-kun.
Morning.
D-Did you hear that?
Hear what?
O-Oh, it's nothing!
Well then, where should we spend the day today?
You know...
We've just been having fun for the past three days, haven't we?
So, Kirito-kun, you don't want to have fun?
Oh,
I know where we could go.
So, where are we headed?
Let's save it as a surprise.
Hey, let me ride on your shoulders!
R-Ride?
I mean, it's no fun seeing things from the same height all the time.
With your STR parameter,
it should be a piece of cake, right?
W-Well that's true, but...
That's something kids would do.
Age has nothing to do with it.
Come on, it's not like anyone's watching.
F-Fine, I guess.
If you turn around, I'll slap you. Got it?
Don't you think you're being a bit unreasonable?
I'm ready.
Look, you can already see the lake from here.
I can't see it...
Then I'll do the same for you later.
Now, off we go!
Heading: north-northeast!
Yes, ma'am.
That surprised me.
So there are people watching...
I guess so...
Come on, Kirito-kun, you wave too.
Not in a million years.
Should I get down?
Hold on tight!
This is just a rumor I heard in the village yesterday, but...
around here, deep in the forest, apparently you can see things.
Huh? Like what?
Ghosts.
A-Are you referring to...
astral-type monsters?
No, far from it.
They're real.
The grudges of all the slain monsters...
supposedly haunt this field at night.
And we're almost there.
To the rumored spot?
About a week ago,
a woodcrafting player came here looking for wood.
While he was busy gathering, it got dark...
And behind a nearby tree, there was something white...
Whether it was a monster or something else is unknown...
The white shadow slowly walked to the other side of the grove...
H-H-H-H-Hey!
P-P-P-Put me down!
What's wrong?
Ki-Kirito-kun, over there...
What is it?
You've gotta be kidding me...
That's...
It's not a ghost!
W-W-Wait, Kirito-kun!
Jeez!
A-A player?
This is pretty strange.
Strange?
I don't see a cursor.
Think it's a bug?
Probably.
Why is... a small girl like her in SAO?
At any rate, we can't just leave her here.
Once she wakes up, we can probably figure this out.
Let's take her home.
Yeah, sounds good.
Well, we know one thing for sure now.
Seeing how we were able to bring her home,
she can't be an NPC.
That's true.
If she was an NPC, when you picked her up, a harrassment notice would've appeared.
She can't be a quest trigger either.
If she was, the quest log window would've been updated.
Which means she really is a player who got lost there...
Or at least, that's the most plausible scenario.
But... why was she there?
I wouldn't know the circumstances, but maybe she has a parent or guardian that was with her?
Yeah, she probably logged in together with her family.
I hope they're okay.
Hey, she'll wake up, right?
Yeah. Seeing as her body's still here,
the NerveGear must still be communicating with her.
I think she's in a sleep-like state.
So I'm sure she'll... wake up eventually.
Hey, Kirito-kun.
Jeez...
If...
If she logged into SAO all by herself...
she must've been alone all this time...
Good night.
I hope you wake up tomorrow.
Ki-Kirito-kun!
Kirito-kun, over here!
Morning...
Something wrong?
Quick, come over here!
Thank goodness, you woke up.
Do you remember what happened to you?
I see...
How about your name?
Can you tell me?
N-Name...
My name...
Yu-i?
Yui. That's... my name.
Yui-chan, huh?
What a nice name.
I'm Asuna.
And this is Kirito.
A-una?
Ki-to?
Say, Yui-chan, why were you in the forest?
Do you know where your father and mother are?
I dunno...
I dunno anything...
That's...
Hey, Yui-chan.
Can I call you "Yui"?
All right. Then you can call me "Kirito".
Ki-to?
It's Kirito.
Ki-ri-to.
Ki-hi-to.
Maybe it's a bit too difficult.
You can call me by whatever comes naturally.
Papa.
M-Me?
Auna is Mama.
That's right.
I'm Mama, Yui-chan!
Mama!
Papa! Mama!
You're hungry, aren't you?
Let's have breakfast.
Here, Yui-chan, this is for you.
You know, Yui, this is very spicy.
I want the same one as Papa.
I see.
If you're up for the challenge, I won't stop you.
Everything is an experience.
Yummy...
She's a pretty gutsy girl.
Let's go for a super-spicy, full course dinner tonight.
Jeez, don't get carried away.
I'm not cooking something like that.
You heard her.
Hey, Kirito-kun, what do you think?
She doesn't... seem to remember anything.
But that aside, from the look of things...
She's just like a baby...
I... I...
Sorry. I don't know what I should do...
You want to look after Yui
until her memories return, right?
Yeah, but...
It's quite the dilemma.
If we don't get back to clearing,
it'll take that much longer for Yui to be free.
Yeah.
Anyways, let's do what we can now.
Judging from her gear,
it's hard to imagine she's been in the fields every day.
First, we should go to the Starting Town
to search for her parents or siblings.
You're right.
I don't want to part with Yui either.
Kirito-kun...
How should I put it...
It's been short, but the time we've spent with Yui here
made it seem like this was a real home...
That's how I truly feel.
Yeah.
But it's not like we'll never be able to see her again.
Besides, if she has a family or a guardian, they're probably worried sick.
Yeah. Once she wakes up, let's go to the Starting Town.
Just in case,
be prepared to arm yourself at any time.
That place is the Army's territory, after all.
It would be best to keep our guard up.
Mama...
Papa...
It's been a while since I've last been here.
Me too.
Hey, Yui-chan.
Do any of these buildings look familiar?
Not really.
Well, the Starting Town is frighteningly large, after all.
For starters, let's head over to the central marketplace.
Say, Kirito-kun...
Around how many players are here now?
Hm, let's see...
The remaining players in SAO number at around 6,000.
Including the Army, around 30% of them should be in the Starting Town, so...
Maybe a bit short of 2,000 people?
Considering that, isn't this place a little deserted?
You're right...
Return the children!
Oh, their babysitter showed up.
Hello! We've been waiting for you!
Please, return the children!
Can you not make it sound like we're the bad guys here?
We were just showing these kids how things work around here.
This is also an important part of the Army's duty.
Exactly.
Citizens have a duty to pay taxes, after all.
Gin! Kain! Mina!
Are you there?!
Sasha-sensei!
Sensei, help us!
Don't worry about the money, just hand it all over to them!
Sensei, it won't be enough.
You lot have built up quite a sum to pay off as it is.
We need you to give up your equipment as well,
including all your armor.
Everything you have.
Get...
Get out of my way!
Or else...
Everything's all right now.
Take back your equipment.
Hey.
What the hell?
Who the heck are you guys?
Are you going to obstruct the duties of us, soldiers of the Army?!
Whatever, give me a second.
I haven't seen you two around these parts, but...
you do know what it means to obstruct the Liberation Army, don't you?!
Kirito-kun, take care of Yui-chan.
Right.
Don't worry.
In a safe zone, no matter what happens, your HP won't drop.
Yes, there's only a light knockback effect.
But regardless, fights in safe zones can carve fear into people.
S-Stop it!
M-Men! Don't just stand there. Do something!
Whoa.
That was amazing, Miss!
I've never seen anything like it!
Yeah, you were so cool!
Thank you very much.
You're the coolest! Thank you!
I wish I could do that too!
Well? Mama's super strong, right?
Everyone's...
Everyone's hearts...
Yui?
Yui-chan?
Everyone's hearts...
Yui, what's wrong?
Yui?
Yui-chan, did you remember something?
I... I...
I wasn't here...
I was always alone, in a dark place...
Yui!
Mama...
I'm scared, Mama...
What... was that?
Yui-chan...
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru